<html>
<title> Jack.com </title>
<body>
<h1>Amazing Jack Fan Fictions</h1>
<ol>
<li> It always felt to Cole like the end of the work day was always the longest, but that made it all the better when Cole could come home to his partner. It was six when Cole got onto the highway for the long drive home and he smiled at the thought of seeing them again. This however, was a special date for him and his loved one because it was the first time they would have true love. Cole finally opened the front door and hugged his chosen life partner. They had been married for 3 months but still thought it would be best not to have sex so that couldn’t be the basis of their relationship. As dinner began Cole could not stop thinking about the special occasion and lost track of the conversation. Cole said that he wasn’t very hungry right now and went upstairs. When Cole climbed the steps he heard someone following him and looked back. He saw his beautiful wife, the red agario cell following him and it said “Go on Big boy, i’ll be waiting” and winked. Cole smiled and said “Okay gorgeous” continuing up the stairs, now more eager to finish the deed.

Cole took off his pants and heard the door open, and saw red agario cell looking back at him in nothing but cell panties. Cole walked confidently over and held her face with his hands and proclaimed that she was the most beautiful cell on the US east server. Cole held its hands and walked over to the bed. On the inside Cole was nervous, he had always been paranoid of STI’s/STD’s and he never had red agario cell tested. Because of the fear, he was still a virgin and didn’t know how to make love to a circle. Cole admitted this to no one, not even his wife, that he had never had sex, and was scared he would draw a blank. Red agario cell attempted to unbuttoned his shirt, but couldn’t without hands. She smiled at Cole and asked “How do you want to start?” and Cole froze, he suddenly thought it would be better to confess his truths, “I don’t know, I’ve never had sex before.” and smiled like it was a joke. Red agario cell seemed surprised at first but then grinned and said, “Then me do the work”.

Cole was a confident man in regards to lengths down below, but what red agario cell did made him feel inadequate in every way. Red agario cell began to what looked like consume Cole’s Manhood and just sat there. On the inside, Red agario cell also had a confession and that made her feel guilty about what she was doing to Cole. About a minute of this, Cole asked what she doing, and she replied somewhat aggravated “Oh, you want to try?” Cole said yes as now he knew Red agario cell was not the best at lovemaking either. Cole did what felt natural and natural to Cole felt great. That night Cole was so big, he could’ve eaten Red agario cell. He tried every position possible that he could do with a circle. Red agario cell was enjoying this as well and said things like “I want to eat you so bad” and “You’re so big, eat me now, i want to be inside you!” 

After a long night of lovemaking, Cole laid confidently on the bed, while Red agario cell looked distraught. Cole looked at Red agario cell and asked what was wrong. Red agario cell said that since Cole confessed something, it was only fair that she did too. She told Cole she had HIV/AIDS. Cole went from looking confident to awestruck in milliseconds. “WHAT, YOU HAVE AIDS AND YOU DIDN’T TELL ME?!” screamed Cole at Red agario cell. Red agario cell pleaded for forgiveness, but Cole told her it was over. Thoughts of forgiveness turned to anger in Red agario cell’s mind and she shouted “OH YEAH, WELL TO LATE, NOW YOU HAVE AIDS!” Cole simply looked back as he walked out the door and said “I don’t have AIDS, I am AIDS.”
</ol>


</body>
</html>
